Add alert for store-gateways without blocks (#1882)
grafana/mimir: operations/mimir-mixin/docs/playbooks.md

- Look for any scan error in the store-gateway logs (ie. networking or rate limiting issues)

### MimirStoreGatewayNoSyncedBlocks

This alert fires a store-gateway is not syncing any blocks. Effectively it is sitting idle because no blocks are sharded to it.

How it **works**:

> - Store-gateways join a hash ring to shard block IDs across all store-gateway replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Store-gateways join a hash ring to shard tenants and blocks across all store-gateway replicas.
```

- A tenant can be sharded across multiple store-gateways. How many exactly is determined by `-store-gateway.tenant-shard-size` or the `store_gateway_tenant_shard_size` limit.

> - When the tenant shard size is less than the replicas of store-gateways, some store-gateways may not get any tenants' blocks sharded to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the tenant shard size is less than the replicas of store-gateways and a Mimir cluster has very few tenants, some store-gateways may not get any tenants' blocks sharded to them.
```

Author: I wanted to keep the sentence shorter, so I explained this in the next bullet point. Is that ok?

Reviewer: Yes, sure.
